hey guys this is staggie from MLG pro
doing another unboxing video I just got
a couple of headsets from SteelSeries so
I'm gonna go unbox all three of these
for you guys and I'll show you what you
get inside the box so first up is the
Siberia of v2 full-sized headset for the
PC and it's compatible for the Xbox 360
with the SteelSeries Xbox 360 adapter or
if you use the Astro mix amp right now I
am dubbing over this video with the mic
feed from the Siberia v2 so you can eyes
can get a gauge of the microphone
quality before we do the full review on
it so you can just hear if it cancels
noise at all or if I'm coming and clear
right now I've got a fan on my desktop
to the left of me hopefully that doesn't
affect anything you guys here and you
can hear me pretty clearly
all right so here is the headset and the
styrofoam shape
and here's a bit of literature that you
will get with the headset so I'm just
going to pull that out for you so we
just have some we have a product
catalogue right there showing the other
products that you can get from
SteelSeries so just drop some
and just some more generic literature
for it
and you get a steel steer SteelSeries
sticker with it and here is the product
catalog so they're mice
that's a Siberian neckband then there's
that keyboard right there and then some
of the other accessories that they sell
with it
so then there's the Siberian neckband
the Siberian v2 the 5hv - and the
Siberia in ear headset right there so
we're just gonna close that up there
that is next what we got here is a mini
USB to USB cable that actually seems
really high-quality uh you can kind of
see the either silver kind of platinum
braiding on the inside of the clear
insulation of the USB usually those are
only more like the monster brand kind of
cables for those kinds of insides
although it could be wrong I mean you
don't know what's happening on the
inside of the black USB cables could be
just the same but there that is
and here is the headset kind of secured
in by those little twisty things so I
just got to take those off first
okay so now that that finally comes out
you can see these SteelSeries Siberia v2
so you got leather ear cups for it zoom
in on that and you got kind of the
grills on the sides this is actually a
closed headset so that's for cosmetic
see and there's the headband right there
it's actually kind of like thin there is
no real much padding to it it's just
like a flexible headband so you don't
have to kind of click anything to preset
it to your head you just set it on your
head and it'll automatically adjust to
your size and it goes pretty big
actually
so taking apart this stuff at the bottom
what you'll find there
now here's one something that's really
cool so everybody on the MLG forums and
who plays gaming competitively in
general everybody likes the astro mix
amp for its virtual 5.1 Dolby headphone
this is actually virtual 7.1 so what
happens is you plug your there's a mini
USB on the end of it that you plug into
your PC and then you plug any stereo PC
headset so they want you to use the
Siberia v2 of this but you can use any
PC headset that you already have and
it's a USB sound card that has virtual
7.1 technology with it
this is only available for use with the
PC you need the drivers on it to work
with it so you can't use it for your
Xbox unfortunately but it's still a
really cool thing to have if you play PC
games as well so for the Xbox you do
need either the Astro mix amp with the
PC headset adapter
SteelSeries also actually makes an
adapter for the Astro mix amp or you
could use the SteelSeries Xbox 360
adapter and save yourself $130 of course
with that you only get stereo sound you
don't get the virtual 5.1 and you can't
adjust game and voice knowses
independently so at the end there's just
two standard 3.5 millimeter Jack's this
is a normal stereo PC headset until you
plug it into the 7.1 sound card and with
the headset actually those are the
extensions right there so you just plug
those right into there so if you are
closer to your computer or using your
laptop you don't want a whole bunch of
cords to mess with and you know it'll
just create a mess so you can just take
off those extensions and just use the
straight 3.5 millimeter jacks that just
come with it
and then right here is the mic control
so you can mute the mic and you can also
change the volume there's an inline
volume control on the puck I like to
call and then didn't go over this before
but with the headphones there's a
retractable microphone for it so it's a
boom microphone and if you zoom in it's
kind of like what I was talking about
before the hpx with like the desk lamp
flexing with the metal on the inside so
it's very flexible I have it right next
to my mouth right now for it it stays
perfectly still and it retracts which is
nice and handy and it's just very
flexible and it seems very like sturdy
it's not gonna it's not going to go back
to its position so looking back with
everything you get you have the mic
controller puck you have the extension
cable for the 3.5 milimeter jacks at the
end there you have the USB cable in the
back for the 7.1 sound card and there's
a 7.1 sound card right there and then
the rest of the literature right there
so that'll do it for this unboxing of
the SteelSeries Siberia v2 me and NTD
grenade from MLG pro we'll be doing a
full write-up and video review for this
headset in the near future so stay tuned
to the YouTube channel and the forums
for that thank you guys for watching
you